Update platform-gitlab.md (#565)
GSA-TTS/identity-handbook: _articles/platform-gitlab.md

continue to function.  We also have break-glass procedures if needed.
See [Runbook: GitLab Access Contingency Plan](https://gitlab.login.gov/lg/identity-devops/-/wikis/Runbook:-Gitlab-Access-When-IDP-is-Down)

## Gitlab Migration

> We are in the process of moving our repos to using Gitlab as their primary source of truth.  Most repos will continue to mirror back to Github, in order to allow us to maintain public visibility.  Once we have migrated a Repo, merging from any branch other than Gitlab will be blocked, and all PR's will need to be submitted via Gitlab.  Our current timeline for migration is below:

Reviewer: How does this change affect members of the public wishing to contribute PRs, such as security researchers? Members of the public don't have access to gitlab.

Do we approve on github but then mirror the PR in gitlab? Something else?

Author: It shouldn't.  The public can still contribute a PR, but a Login.gov employee will need to manually move it over to Gitlab and Merge it there after following our MR process.

> ## Gitlab Migration
> We are in the process of moving our repos to using Gitlab as their primary source of truth.  Most repos will continue to mirror back to Github, in order to allow us to maintain public visibility.  Once we have migrated a Repo, merging from any branch other than Gitlab will be blocked, and all PR's will need to be submitted via Gitlab.  Our current timeline for migration is below:

Reviewer 2: Minor nitpicks:

- Correct capitalization of these products are GitLab and GitHub
- I'd personally recommend avoiding abbreviations, in case someone isn't familiar with the term

```suggestion
## GitLab Migration
We are in the process of moving our repos to using GitLab as their primary source of truth.  Most repos will continue to mirror back to GitHub, in order to allow us to maintain public visibility.  Once we have migrated a repository, merging from any branch other than GitLab will be blocked, and all pull requests will need to be submitted via GitLab.  Our current timeline for migration is below:
```
